feat: use top-level await to import server envs (#646)
t3-oss/create-t3-app: www/src/pages/en/deployment/docker.md

</details>

### 3. Create Dockerfile

> > In order to not pull the server enviroment variables to our container, we have to add a`SKIP_ENV_VALIDATION=1`flag to the build command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Since we're not pulling the server environment variables into our container, the [environment schema validation](/en/usage/environment-variables) will fail. To prevent this, we have to add a `SKIP_ENV_VALIDATION=1` flag to the build command so that the env-schemas aren't validated at build time.
```

> > Since we're not pulling the server environment variables into our container, the [environment schema validation](/en/usage/environment-variables) will fail. To prevent this, we have to add a `SKIP_ENV_VALIDATION=1` flag to the build command so that the env-schemas aren't validated at build time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Since we're not pulling the server environment variables into our container, the [environment schema validation](/en/usage/env-variables) will fail. To prevent this, we have to add a `SKIP_ENV_VALIDATION=1` flag to the build command so that the env-schemas aren't validated at build time.
```

# ENV NEXT_TELEMETRY_DISABLED 1

RUN \

>  if [ -f yarn.lock ]; then SKIP_ENV_VALIDATION=1 yarn build; \

Reviewer: Maybe add a note before the details block about this part, since it's probably of the more custom thing we do, rest is pretty standard?

Reviewer 2: Agreed, a comment would be good here

Author: Done !
